 Make a comparison between Power BI and Tableau with respect to features like visualization, user friendliness etc.
 What are the major power components available in Power BI?
 What are the extra features of Power BI that are not available in MS Excel?
 What are the limitations of traditional reporting tools as compared to Power BI?
 What are the requirements to access dashboards and reports in power BI?
 With power BI services how data is stored in cloud? How can one access data? 
 While sharing the dashboard with other users, do I need to share data too if it is stored in cloud?
 Can number of people collaborate together at a time while designing dashboards/reports in power BI?
 
 
 What are the different filters available in power BI? Explain the role of each filter.
How can Slicer act like filter while creating reports in power BI?
We have a dataset containing sales details of various categories. To know the contribution of different sales categories, which visualization is most suitable?
What are the advantages of combining power BI with GPT?
How can power BI and ChatGPT be integrated?
Give the steps to change data types of an attribute and remove erroneous rows from the table in Power BI.
 
 
 What are the different business scenarios be implemented through Power BI?
What are the different factors need to be considered while designing business requirement?
Give sample requirements for Project management dashboard.
which type of business requirement can be and cannot be implemented using Power BI? Give an example.
Is it possible in Power BI to implement Predictive modeling requirement? If no, give reason.



How can query editor be useful for data transformation? Is there any other way to do it in power BI?
What is main purpose of gateways and portal in Power BI?
What are the major differences between Free version and pro version of Power BI with respect to features? What are the common features available in free and pro versions?
What is the best situation to use scatter chart in visualization? Give an example.
In query editor, if I want to undo few operations then is it possible? How?
How can data aggregation be done at the query level and the report level?
What is need of Append queries in Power BI? Give a sample use case for appending the tables.


Use the following prompts in ChatGPT to explore more.

In card visualization, the price value is not in the currency format. What steps are to be followed to make them appear in currency format?
What is difference between table chart and Matrix chart? Give some use cases for both the charts.
There is a requirement of comparing trends of Internet Sales and Reseller sales. Which chart is best suitable in this situation?



What is a multi-row card visualization in Power BI? How it differs from simple Card visualization?
How can I customize the appearance of a multi-row card?
Can we use multiple tables in multi-row card to display data?
How can I summarize data in a matrix visualization? Give an example.



Can we have radial gauge visualization in free version of Power BI? How do we get it in Power BI?
How to merge few columns together using query editor? Give steps to perform this with an example.
How to merge columns in power BI? Give steps to perform this with an example.
The bar chart is not showing data labels in the percentage format. How to resolve the issue?
 
 
 Can we synchronize the slicer for few dashboards at a time. Give steps to do this with an example.
While publishing the report on PowerBI.com, what are all things I should take care of?
Does report publication in power BI require the data set to be shared with other users? Why?
Is it possible for users to customize the dashboard according to their preferences? How?
If the owner of a report changed the dataset then are these changes reflected on the dashboard? 
What are the different ways to share dashboard/report to other team members?
How self-service BI is beneficial to the organization?
What are the different self-service BI reporting tools available in the market?
 